Dear Bill Williams,
It is a big pleasure for us that you decided to give GraphTea a try and downloaded it. Each of your comments and ideas is meaningful for us and the rest of the world to have a better experience using GraphTea. It is just one year ago that we decided to publicize this software which have eight years of history behind, read below. Our mission is to make GraphTea a high standard and easy to use software which empower every body on the planet to have a better understanding of Graph theory. We ourselves find this subject so interesting and so essential to understand the world, And we want to share our love with the other interested people.

A Graph is made of Vertices and Edges, And a nice software is made of responsible software developers and a caring community. We would like to play our part as good as possible and stay responsible on your back. We put our hearts into GraphTea for 8 years and now would also like to make a nice and living connection with you and explore the possibilities of collaboration to make GraphTea a better software every day. We understand that currently GraphTea might appear to you very unstable or doesn‘t work as good as you expect it. This is partly because we architected it as a very extensible software. This brings a lot of generalization into the software which later lead to a environment with a lot of unknowns. This is just a matter of time and over the time we have to work on the errors and make it a solid software. Still we are happy to see how much flexible the software is and the world of opportunities that it provide. This is very important point. Most of the Graph softwares fail after a certain time and get discontinued, because they haven‘t been built to be flexible from the very beginning, But Graph theory is a very abstract theory with a diverse field of applications. The applications of Graph theory range from molecular chemistry to social networks to bio informatics, each with special needs. We believe it is worthy to put this more effort to make a flexible software in order to not loose a later usability, And we are happy to have such a nice community hand in hand making this dream come true.

We started to develop this software 8 years ago when we were just young bachelor students of computer science, eager to explore the new possibilities of new software technology. In that time the java programming language was rocking the informatics world and that‘s why we made GraphTea based on java. The software itself had a different name „GraphLab“ in the time. We were more than 10 students working on it. After all when we finished our university degree every body in our lovely young team decided to go to a corner of the world and the project discontinued from that point. It was us, Azin and Ali who came to Germany and after a one year break, when we was meeting to party the new years holiday, got to a deep talk about our intentions on this piece of software which have spend many years of our lives in it. We find it a big pity that we didn‘t publicize this software enough, as we believed many people might benefit from it. On the mathematical section of Graph theory there is a big lack of useful softwares for teaching, learning and researching on the subject.  And this is meant to fill this gap on the direction of education, that‘s why we name it GraphTea (can read as GraphTea[ch] for education purposes, of GraphTea for not forgetting to drink a nice tea cup when you work with the program ;) ).
It is around one year now that GraphTea is available online. In the last year more than 10000 people visited the website and more than 3000 people downloaded and used the software. This is already a very good starting point. In beginning we were not so confident about the first reaction of people after publicizing the software. Now we are more confident and see the big interest of people into a good Graph theory software. That‘s why we decided to make another move forward. We redesigned the website putting more attention into the end users rather than developers, and we made the contact form, in order to have a more alive communication with you. 

It is more of pleasure if you tell us more about you, and your intentions. Now that you already downloaded GraphTea we also like to hear about your experience using it. First of all, are you using Mac (OSX), Windows or Linus? Could you run the software easily and without any problems? What was more interesting in the software? What did you expect to have, but you couldn‘t find it in GraphTea? Would you recommend GraphTea to other people in this state, or you think there should be big advancements before you recommending it to your friends? What would be these advancements then?
If you are doing a research on GraphTheory, which kind of graph algorithm you are researching at? Do you use java or matlab? if yes, could you find your way out to implement your algorithm on GraphTea?

Thank you very much for reading our letter, we are looking forward to hear from you.
Azin and Ali